merge nov 20th - include custom cmd advanced ci (#6346)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-commands.md

You can add or remove as many dbt commands as necessary for every job. However, you need to have at least one dbt command. There are few commands listed as "dbt Cloud CLI" or "dbt Core" in the [dbt Command reference page](/reference/dbt-commands) page. This means they are meant for use in dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI, and not in dbt Cloud IDE.

:::tip Using selectors

Use [selectors](/reference/node-selection/syntax) as a powerful way to select and execute portions of your project in a job run. For example, to run tests for one _specific_ model, use the selector: `dbt test --select one_specific_model`. The job will still run if a selector doesn't match any models. 

:::

#### Advanced CI compare changes

> For users that have Advanced CI's [compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#compare-changes) feature enabled, you can use custom dbt syntax to exclude specific large models (or groups of models with tags) to optimize running the comparison. Running comparisons on large models can significantly increase the time it takes for CI jobs to complete. 

Author: ```suggestion
For users that have Advanced CI's [compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#compare-changes) feature enabled, you can use a custom dbt syntax to exclude specific large models (or groups of models with tags) to optimize running the comparison. Running comparisons on large models can significantly increase the time it takes for CI jobs to complete. 
```

You can add or remove as many dbt commands as necessary for every job. However, you need to have at least one dbt command. There are few commands listed as "dbt Cloud CLI" or "dbt Core" in the [dbt Command reference page](/reference/dbt-commands) page. This means they are meant for use in dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI, and not in dbt Cloud IDE.

:::tip Using selectors

Use [selectors](/reference/node-selection/syntax) as a powerful way to select and execute portions of your project in a job run. For example, to run tests for one _specific_ model, use the selector: `dbt test --select one_specific_model`. The job will still run if a selector doesn't match any models. 

:::

> #### Compare changes custom commands

Reviewer: I agree this would be a good place to add a screenshot. We should have one available from the product next week once eng has it built.

Author: will ask @mikaylacrawford  for screenshot nxt week

For users that have Advanced CI's [compare changes](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#compare-changes) feature enabled, you can use a custom dbt syntax to exclude specific large models (or groups of models with tags) to optimize running the comparison. Running comparisons on large models can significantly increase the time it takes for CI jobs to complete. 

> Here are some examples of how you can customize the comparison command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples highlight how you can customize the comparison command:
```

> - To exclude the large `fct_orders` model from the comparison, use the `--select state:modified --exclude fct_orders` syntax.

Reviewer 2: Should we put these in code blocks with more context?

- To exclude models based on tags, use `--select state modified --exclude tag:tagname_a tag:tagname_b`.

> - To include models that were directly modified and also those one step downstream, use  `--select state:modified+`.

Author: i think it's `modified+1` since it's 1 node downstream: https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/node-selection/graph-operators#the-n-plus-operator

> - To include models that were directly modified and also those one step downstream, use  `--select state:modified+`.

Author: ```suggestion
- To include models that were directly modified and also those one step downstream, use  `--select state:modified+1`.
```

> - To include models that were directly modified and also those one step downstream, use  `--select state:modified+1`.

Author: ```suggestion
- To include models that were directly modified and also those one step downstream, use  `--select state:modified+`.
```

> - To include models that were directly modified and also those one step downstream, use  `--select state:modified+1`.

Reviewer: @joellabes are there any other examples you would list here?

You can add or remove as many dbt commands as necessary for every job. However, you need to have at least one dbt command. There are few commands listed as "dbt Cloud CLI" or "dbt Core" in the [dbt Command reference page](/reference/dbt-commands) page. This means they are meant for use in dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI, and not in dbt Cloud IDE.

:::tip Using selectors

> Use [selectors](/reference/node-selection/syntax) as a powerful way to select and execute portions of your project in a job run. For example, to run tests for one _specific_ model, use the selector: `dbt test --select one_specific_model`. The job will still run if a selector doesn't match any models. 

Reviewer 3: This is talking about a model called `one_specific_model`, not italicising specific
```suggestion
Use [selectors](/reference/node-selection/syntax) as a powerful way to select and execute portions of your project in a job run. For example, to run tests for `one_specific_model`, use the selector: `dbt test --select one_specific_model`. The job will still run if a selector doesn't match any models. 
```

Author: Omg why did I do that! Thank you for catching!
